README.md, before:

# DevOps Visions

<p align="center">
  <img src="elmentor-landing-page/src/assets/images/DevOps-Visions.png" alt="DevOps Visions Logo" width="220"/>
</p>

<p align="center" style="font-size:1.2em;">
  <b>Empowering DevOps with Automation, Reusable Components, and Community Knowledge</b><br/>
  <i>Innovation | Community | Professional Excellence</i>
</p>

---

## 📊 Organization Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Projects-9-blue"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributors-10+-brightgreen"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/DevOpsVisions/question2answer-automation-toolkit?style=social"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/DevOpsVisions/question2answer-automation-toolkit?style=social"/>
</p>

---

## 🚀 Quick Navigation

<p align="center">
  <a href="#about-devops-visions">About</a> •
  <a href="#active-projects">Projects</a> •
  <a href="#key-repositories">Key Repos</a> •
  <a href="#contributors">Contributors</a> •
  <a href="#get-involved">Get Involved</a> •
  <a href="#license">License</a>
</p>

---

## Who We Are

DevOps Visions is the parent organization powering both the open DevOps community and the [Elmentor Program](https://github.com/ElmentorProgram).

- **DevOps Visions** acts as the R&D and strategic backbone, providing advanced engineering and DevOps solutions for both internal and external needs.
- **The Open DevOps Community** is a public, collaborative space for learning, sharing, and building together.
- **The Elmentor Program** is a private, advanced mentoring initiative, supported by DevOps Visions for complex or strategic needs. See the [Elmentor Program GitHub Organization](https://github.com/ElmentorProgram) and the [Elmentor Landing Page](https://elmentor.devopsvisions.org) for more details.

This structure ensures that the community leads and grows, while DevOps Visions provides professional expertise and support when needed.

---

## 🚀 Quick Navigation

- [About DevOps Visions](#about-devops-visions)
- [Active Projects](#active-projects)
- [Key Repositories](#key-repositories)
- [Contributors](#contributors)
- [Get Involved](#get-involved)
- [License](#license)

---

## About DevOps Visions
DevOps Visions is a collaborative organization dedicated to building practical tools, automation scripts, and reusable components to streamline DevOps workflows, cloud automation, and digital workspace management. Our projects range from GitHub Actions and automation toolkits to code libraries and documentation resources.

**Focus Areas:**
- Automation for platforms like WordPress and Question2Answer
- Reusable .NET and JavaScript components
- GitHub Actions and workflow templates
- Community documentation and best practices

---

## Active Projects

| Repository | Description | Main Tech | Stars | Contributors |
|------------|-------------|-----------|-------|--------------|
| [devopsvisions.github.io](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/devopsvisions.github.io) | Organization website, docs, and resources | Jekyll (Ruby), HTML | 8 | 3 |
| [wordpress-automation-toolkit](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/wordpress-automation-toolkit) | Automate WordPress user and membership management | C#, Selenium | 10 | 2 |
| [common-workspace-hub](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/common-workspace-hub) | Shared guidelines, standards, and technical guides | Docs | 3 | 2 |
| [common-components](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/common-components) | .NET library of reusable components | C# | 6 | 2 |
| [onedrive-downloader-action](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/onedrive-downloader-action) | GitHub Action to download files from OneDrive | JavaScript | 0 | 1 |
| [file-system-interactor](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/file-system-interactor) | .NET library for file system operations | C# | 6 | 2 |
| [question2answer-automation-toolkit](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/question2answer-automation-toolkit) | Automate Q2A platform tasks | C#, Selenium | 23 | 4 |
| [copilot-workspace-demo](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/copilot-workspace-demo) | Demo for Copilot and workspace automation | HCL, Shell | 6 | 1 |
| [.github](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/.github) | Org-wide workflow templates and health files | YAML | 0 | 1 |

---

## Key Repositories

### [devopsvisions.github.io](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/devopsvisions.github.io)
- **Purpose:** Organization website and documentation hub
- **Tech:** Jekyll (Ruby), HTML
- **Status:** Active

### [wordpress-automation-toolkit](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/wordpress-automation-toolkit)
- **Purpose:** Automate WordPress user and membership management
- **Features:** Add/remove users, membership updates, Excel import, secure password handling
- **Tech:** C#, Selenium WebDriver
- **Status:** Maintained

### [common-workspace-hub](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/common-workspace-hub)
- **Purpose:** Shared guidelines, standards, and technical guides for all projects
- **Status:** Maintained

### [common-components](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/common-components)
- **Purpose:** .NET library of reusable components (console extensions, utilities)
- **Tech:** C#
- **Status:** Maintained

### [onedrive-downloader-action](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/onedrive-downloader-action)
- **Purpose:** GitHub Action to download files from OneDrive
- **Tech:** JavaScript
- **Status:** Stable

### [file-system-interactor](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/file-system-interactor)
- **Purpose:** .NET library for file system operations (Excel reading, config, file paths)
- **Tech:** C#
- **Status:** Maintained

### [question2answer-automation-toolkit](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/question2answer-automation-toolkit)
- **Purpose:** Automate Question2Answer platform tasks (user registration/removal, Excel import, logging)
- **Tech:** C#, Selenium WebDriver
- **Status:** Maintained

### [copilot-workspace-demo](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/copilot-workspace-demo)
- **Purpose:** Demo for GitHub Copilot and workspace automation
- **Tech:** HCL, Shell
- **Status:** Experimental

### [.github](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/.github)
- **Purpose:** Organization-wide workflow templates and community health files
- **Status:** Maintained

---

## Contributors
DevOps Visions is a collaborative effort by DevOps engineers, automation specialists, and open-source contributors. See the [GitHub contributors page](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions) for a full list.

---

## Get Involved
- Explore our [repositories](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions) for automation scripts, reusable components, and workflow templates.
- Visit [devopsvisions.github.io](https://devopsvisions.github.io) for documentation and project overviews.
- Open issues or pull requests to contribute improvements or new features.

---

## License
This organization and its repositories are licensed under the MIT License unless otherwise specified.

---

*Last updated: May 31, 2025*

Commit message:

Add Highlights section for modern, engaging org overview

README.md, after:

# DevOps Visions

<p align="center">
  <img src="elmentor-landing-page/src/assets/images/DevOps-Visions.png" alt="DevOps Visions Logo" width="220"/>
</p>

<p align="center" style="font-size:1.2em;">
  <b>Empowering DevOps with Automation, Reusable Components, and Community Knowledge</b><br/>
  <i>Innovation | Community | Professional Excellence</i>
</p>

---

## 📊 Organization Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Projects-9-blue"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributors-10+-brightgreen"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/DevOpsVisions/question2answer-automation-toolkit?style=social"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/DevOpsVisions/question2answer-automation-toolkit?style=social"/>
</p>

---

## 🚀 Quick Navigation

<p align="center">
  <a href="#about-devops-visions">About</a> •
  <a href="#active-projects">Projects</a> •
  <a href="#key-repositories">Key Repos</a> •
  <a href="#contributors">Contributors</a> •
  <a href="#get-involved">Get Involved</a> •
  <a href="#license">License</a>
</p>

---

## Who We Are

DevOps Visions is the parent organization powering both the open DevOps community and the [Elmentor Program](https://github.com/ElmentorProgram).

- **DevOps Visions** acts as the R&D and strategic backbone, providing advanced engineering and DevOps solutions for both internal and external needs.
- **The Open DevOps Community** is a public, collaborative space for learning, sharing, and building together.
- **The Elmentor Program** is a private, advanced mentoring initiative, supported by DevOps Visions for complex or strategic needs. See the [Elmentor Program GitHub Organization](https://github.com/ElmentorProgram) and the [Elmentor Landing Page](https://elmentor.devopsvisions.org) for more details.

This structure ensures that the community leads and grows, while DevOps Visions provides professional expertise and support when needed.

---

## 🌟 Highlights

- **Professional R&D Backbone:** Strategic solutions for DevOps, cloud, and engineering challenges.
- **Community-Driven:** Open source, collaborative, and focused on empowering contributors.
- **Mentorship & Innovation:** Home of the Elmentor Program for advanced mentoring and leadership.
- **Sustainable Impact:** Every action is driven by value, quality, and community growth.

---

## 🚀 Quick Navigation

- [About DevOps Visions](#about-devops-visions)
- [Active Projects](#active-projects)
- [Key Repositories](#key-repositories)
- [Contributors](#contributors)
- [Get Involved](#get-involved)
- [License](#license)

---

## About DevOps Visions
DevOps Visions is a collaborative organization dedicated to building practical tools, automation scripts, and reusable components to streamline DevOps workflows, cloud automation, and digital workspace management. Our projects range from GitHub Actions and automation toolkits to code libraries and documentation resources.

**Focus Areas:**
- Automation for platforms like WordPress and Question2Answer
- Reusable .NET and JavaScript components
- GitHub Actions and workflow templates
- Community documentation and best practices

---

## Active Projects

| Repository | Description | Main Tech | Stars | Contributors |
|------------|-------------|-----------|-------|--------------|
| [devopsvisions.github.io](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/devopsvisions.github.io) | Organization website, docs, and resources | Jekyll (Ruby), HTML | 8 | 3 |
| [wordpress-automation-toolkit](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/wordpress-automation-toolkit) | Automate WordPress user and membership management | C#, Selenium | 10 | 2 |
| [common-workspace-hub](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/common-workspace-hub) | Shared guidelines, standards, and technical guides | Docs | 3 | 2 |
| [common-components](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/common-components) | .NET library of reusable components | C# | 6 | 2 |
| [onedrive-downloader-action](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/onedrive-downloader-action) | GitHub Action to download files from OneDrive | JavaScript | 0 | 1 |
| [file-system-interactor](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/file-system-interactor) | .NET library for file system operations | C# | 6 | 2 |
| [question2answer-automation-toolkit](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/question2answer-automation-toolkit) | Automate Q2A platform tasks | C#, Selenium | 23 | 4 |
| [copilot-workspace-demo](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/copilot-workspace-demo) | Demo for Copilot and workspace automation | HCL, Shell | 6 | 1 |
| [.github](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/.github) | Org-wide workflow templates and health files | YAML | 0 | 1 |

---

## Key Repositories

### [devopsvisions.github.io](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/devopsvisions.github.io)
- **Purpose:** Organization website and documentation hub
- **Tech:** Jekyll (Ruby), HTML
- **Status:** Active

### [wordpress-automation-toolkit](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/wordpress-automation-toolkit)
- **Purpose:** Automate WordPress user and membership management
- **Features:** Add/remove users, membership updates, Excel import, secure password handling
- **Tech:** C#, Selenium WebDriver
- **Status:** Maintained

### [common-workspace-hub](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/common-workspace-hub)
- **Purpose:** Shared guidelines, standards, and technical guides for all projects
- **Status:** Maintained

### [common-components](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/common-components)
- **Purpose:** .NET library of reusable components (console extensions, utilities)
- **Tech:** C#
- **Status:** Maintained

### [onedrive-downloader-action](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/onedrive-downloader-action)
- **Purpose:** GitHub Action to download files from OneDrive
- **Tech:** JavaScript
- **Status:** Stable

### [file-system-interactor](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/file-system-interactor)
- **Purpose:** .NET library for file system operations (Excel reading, config, file paths)
- **Tech:** C#
- **Status:** Maintained

### [question2answer-automation-toolkit](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/question2answer-automation-toolkit)
- **Purpose:** Automate Question2Answer platform tasks (user registration/removal, Excel import, logging)
- **Tech:** C#, Selenium WebDriver
- **Status:** Maintained

### [copilot-workspace-demo](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/copilot-workspace-demo)
- **Purpose:** Demo for GitHub Copilot and workspace automation
- **Tech:** HCL, Shell
- **Status:** Experimental

### [.github](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions/.github)
- **Purpose:** Organization-wide workflow templates and community health files
- **Status:** Maintained

---

## Contributors
DevOps Visions is a collaborative effort by DevOps engineers, automation specialists, and open-source contributors. See the [GitHub contributors page](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions) for a full list.

---

## Get Involved
- Explore our [repositories](https://github.com/DevOpsVisions) for automation scripts, reusable components, and workflow templates.
- Visit [devopsvisions.github.io](https://devopsvisions.github.io) for documentation and project overviews.
- Open issues or pull requests to contribute improvements or new features.

---

## License
This organization and its repositories are licensed under the MIT License unless otherwise specified.

---

*Last updated: May 31, 2025*
